Vice President, I would like to discuss the design with you tomorrow.
When will you be in the company?
Will be there tomorrow
I'll be at the company tomorrow, but I won't go home.
Great. Now I can go see grandpa with peace of mind.
I'm sorry. My father was sick after his illness yesterday.
So I stayed close to you
It's just a gift to accompany you. Don't treat it like a joke
Hey, what are you kidding about?
So beautiful
You are so nice too, so nice
you like to do well
You can come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
I wish I was divorced
How is it possible to have another child? Grandpa
Then I'll leave first. I'm here to give you a meeting.
It must be why he came back
Didn't she say she would be at the company today?
why are you here